Add deprecation warnings to top-level use of layer in catalog definition (#2964)
kedro-org/kedro: RELEASE.md

| `AbstractDataset`          | `AbstractDataSet`          | `kedro.io.core` |
| `AbstractVersionedDataset` | `AbstractVersionedDataSet` | `kedro.io.core` |

> * `layer` attribute at the top level is deprecated and will be removed in Kedro 0.19.0. Please move `layer` inside the `metadata` -> `kedro-viz` attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using the `layer` attribute at the top level is deprecated; it will be removed in Kedro version 0.19.0. Please move `layer` inside the `metadata` -> `kedro-viz` attributes.
```
